this is a speed typing competition
everyone's fingers are typing very
quickly with a very elegant posture
but only this girl is completely
different she typed with two fingers
everyone laughed at her for typing too
slowly originally she did not want to
participate in this competition
but her boss forced her to come when she
interviewed she was a faint person in
everyone's eyes
at first lewis did not intend to hire
her but her ability to type surprised
him
never before had he seen anyone use two
fingers to type as fast as her
lewis immediately recruited this girl
named rose but rose's father disagrees
he arranged for her to marry a man from
the village in her village
girls of the same age as her have become
housewives only rose has always worked
hard at typing
her father said that she disobeyed him
but rose didn't want to be in this
little village
she had to go outside to see the world
so she left the village
and became a company secretary but other
than typing
she didn't know what to do she often
gets scolded by lewis for typing
but to make too loud in the end lewis
couldn't take it anymore
but he didn't want to admit that he was
wrong so he thought of a way for rose to
participate in a speed typing
competition
lewis has a lot of hope and rose
although rose is gifted
she has never been properly trained two
fingers still cannot be as fast as 10
fingers
in the first round rose was eliminated
lewis was extremely angry
because he was an extremely competitive
person he did not allow his subordinates
to embarrass him
so he decided to train rose to become
the top typist in the world
want to become the fastest typist in the
world she definitely cannot type with
two fingers
rose must first learn to type with ten
fingers each finger has a corresponding
key
to memorize these keys rose painted her
nails the color corresponding to the
keys
she will spend two months typing these
ten books but this is just the basics
lewis insists she take piano lessons to
strengthen her fingers
that way her fingers will become more
flexible as such is still not enough
typing requires a lot of strength rose
must have a healthy body
every day lewis took her to practice to
increase endurance
thus her stamina can surpass other
opponents to supplement nutrition
lewis also prepares nutritious meals for
her every day
when she was tired he massaged her the
two months training
ended rose typed quickly now the time
has come for her to take part in a
competition rose won the qualifiers in
turn
she was in the final round the final
match was only for her and this girl
the other girl's speed later decreased
with her extreme stamina
rose's typing speed did not decrease
finally
rose won first place with a record of
typing 491 words in one minute
she became normandy's the fastest
hybrist she will represent normandy in
the national typing competition
this competition made her suddenly
become famous all the newspapers were
reporting on her
but after reading the newspaper her
father still did not recognize her
talent
he does not think this is a matter of
pride this made rose extremely
disappointed
luckily she has a good boss he puts a
lot of heart into rose
not only did he want rose to be more
successful but above all he fell in love
with this hard-working and persistent
girl
and rose also liked the man who was
always behind to help her
together they held a celebration party
lewis brought rose to paris
to participate in a national typing
competition this girl walked with great
satisfaction
because she really had the power she won
the first place in the national typing
competition for five years in a row
she can type 512 words per minute an
average of eight words per second
reporters all came to interview her but
she did not expect a girl from the
countryside
to become her biggest competitor this
was rose's first time participating in
the national competition
so she was very nervous the first two
rounds she qualifies for the next round
and this girl always ranked first lewis
was worried
despite the stress but rose's super
stamina helped her reach the finals
furthermore her opponent was this girl
rose smiled at her
but she only received that girl's middle
finger this angered rose
in the final match the two people sat
across from each other
the typing competition suddenly became a
fierce competition for two girls
[Music]
the match is over the two have equal
points the referee announced another
game
but rose was very tired and lost the
will to type at this moment
lewis said something that surprised rose
rose's training performance soon broke
the other girl's record
he said she assumes that she is not
equal to her opponent
but in fact it is because lewis has lied
to her he wanted to use it to stimulate
rose's true abilities at this very
moment
rose was furious her will to fight was
burned she must defeat this boastful
woman
under the audience's watch rose won she
became the new winner of the national
typing competition
the person who helps her to get today is
lewis but now lewis quietly left
until now lewis always thought that rose
could not leave him
she helped rose get to this day now that
rose became the national champion
he couldn't help rose anymore lewis is a
competitive man
he cannot accept this so he decided to
leave
rose chesterfield was rejected by him
bluntly they clearly love each other
why are they apart but lewis was
determined to leave the day rose
received a package of typewriter her
father sent her
he saw her expression on television and
violently confirmed everything she had
done
with the support of her father very soon
rose entered the practice
because there is an international
competition waiting for her this is a
competition
that has the participation of all the
word masters in the world
the strongest opponent is this woman she
has won the champion for five years in a
row
furthermore she is also the one who
holds the world record
the other players didn't beat her only
rose and her were in the finals
the first round of the finals rose
defeated her but she is extremely
cunning
before the second round started she
laughed relentlessly at rose
she then won the second round smoothly
rose's mentality was greatly affected
continue life that she released at this
moment lewis subtly appeared
he came to apologize to her it turns out
that after lewis returned he didn't stop
thinking finally he understood that it
was because he was too arrogant
he kept thinking that rose couldn't
leave him but now he found out he was
the one who couldn't leave her
he expressed his love to rose rose
always missed lewis
with his support a great power welled up
within rose's heart
she took out the typewriter her father
gave her it is her most familiar
typewriter
with the support of dad and lewis rose's
hands were like rockets
if it wasn't controlled by machines she
could have typed faster than that
rose has successfully become the
champion becoming the fastest typist in
the world
everyone congratulated her now not only
her father
but all people in the country are proud
of her she used her act to tell everyone
that a country girl could win the
champion as well
you